[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I
really wanted to put out a new video for
you but I'm going through a bout of
depression right now that's what I was
like at the moment while I'm recording
this and I thought instead of skipping
out on being on camera altogether I
would just use this footage that I had
recorded a while back of a makeup look
that I had attempted and then had kind
of decided not to use it because I just
repeatedly failed at everything I did in
this video but it kind of reflects my
mood today so I thought you know what I
will just narrate it and edit it and put
it out for you guys instead of saying
silent for yet another Sunday so I
started off with all my concealers well
I put on a primer and then I put on all
my concealers the primer was covergirl
outlast I don't find that irritates my
skin so that's a good thing then I put
on essence under my eyes that one is the
one but no dark circles then on my chin
I put on my chin the rest of my face I
put on two different Physicians Formula
products the chin was that thick pasty
stuff I reviewed just a few weeks ago if
I remember to I will put the link to
that video on your screen and then I use
the stick version on my cheeks I tend to
the the stickers and tends to be my
go-to a lot of the time I don't know I
just find it super easy to blend out
with a brush sometimes I'll use a
blending sponge but I just have been
having a lot of luck blending things out
with brushes lately I have no idea why
that is because blending sponges have
kind of been my thing for the last in a
while anyway then next I was going to
use the covergirl liquid foundation but
and I was shaking that but I just
changed my mind and decided to go for
the Shiseido stuff instead I have no
idea why I changed my mind I just
decided to and then I spent an ungodly
amount of time looking for the sponge
that I wanted to use to apply that I've
sped that up so that you don't have to
go through home with me and I finally
just gave up and use the sponge that was
right in front of me so anyway so yep so
I'm just blending or smoothing all that
air blending it all out
trying to get an even layer to cover up
the green that I have applied all over
my face then I gave up on the sponge
that was not working very well at all it
was making it really blotchy it was wet
it was damp but it just it wasn't
working I think that sponge has lived
its life I need to throw it out so I
went back to the brush for that and then
I decided that that was just not
covering up with stuff I had on my chin
which was that industrial Pacey stuff
that I was talking about earlier that I
had linked to the video and so I added a
little bit of extra concealer on my chin
then I mistakenly picked out my blush
and I picked up the wrong blush I picked
up a kind of brownie one and I don't
normally use um it's not a bad one but
it was not the look I was going for
because I was feeling pinky then I
realized that I had not put on the
mineral wear loose powder that I have
from Physicians Formula so I went over
my entire face with that on top of the
blush that I'm already wearing and I
figured hey you know after that and
after everything is all evened out it
gave me the chance to go back and use
the blush that I really wanted so I
tried to just take that as a little bit
of a you know gift from the universe so
then I went for the blush that I
actually wanted which looks nothing like
the one that I applied earlier and I
added a little bit of that to my cheeks
and I went a little bit heavy so you
know there was kind of no point to
covering up my rosacea there just apply
it again but this is where I double take
because I looked at my watch and found
out that I should have left two minutes
ago I spent so much time looking for
that sponge earlier that that happened
so then I perfectly lined one eye then I
started on the other eye and instead of
starting on the inside at the bottom
hour outside of the bottom I started on
the inside so then I had to go back over
the original eye and do the entire lower
lip and then I realized that I hadn't
put on any shadow and normally I put on
eyeliner after I put on eye shadow but
we just changed the order of things
today because that seems to be how we do
it
so I started off with a white eyeshadow
and then I went on top with a kind of
lilac color I was trying to do all pinks
and purples today I successfully did all
think some purples I just really messed
it up then I spent a lot of time looking
for this lip gloss which is some Burt's
Bees which I then finally applied it's a
kind of berry color gloss
which you don't really see too much as I
apply it because my camerawork kind of
stinks but yay I finally did it
so yeah so I hope you like this video I
hope you got a kick out of it I will be
back very soon with the winner of my
latest giveaway as well as a whole ton
of extra product and gadget reviews that
I've gotten my hands on so I'm super
excited about that I just have to get
myself back in gear and in front of the
camera and other than that I will see
you next time
[Music]